TEMPERATURE : 0.5
PREDICTION : ack of my eye to him his have seemed the hands of a 
lady that I was a
little was spood in the dear into the pritty of my back, and had been falled one over him anything that he was so
had been to so must.  He 
TEMPERATURE : 0.55
PREDICTION : good deal and are draw?' said Let see you have not his half considered considers of from the fired for the had his have proud only me to my
grouce.  I have the sunder the course had his head a consider.'

'Ther
TEMPERATURE : 0.6
PREDICTION : a good dears; and the enting to pecturit.  My dressing many and seever, and a necrief his own hust to my to me, sir.  He had brought of she door, and the mort.  It went not distand the counting had not me advis
TEMPERATURE : 0.65
PREDICTION : ng and abenter your little drassing to that he shouldy at the had been fair at keep her 
forthing in the morning at I was, he had been it.  He was misters.  When it have been his made a mead, afterwards returni
TEMPERATURE : 0.7
PREDICTION : ed, as if he is so Dkepion Mr. Bunding had in he was that my
more that he sunal submong to his have became of the engally.  When I a
sily him for a many of house and an enester.  And I had and 
I that was not t
TEMPERATURE : 0.75
PREDICTION : are very been dirborth.  I had been firess good off it had a falef- he were down of are will her sunse are and anything her had been don't the was more would many might of his commonsioning to the mind, stoppit
TEMPERATURE : 0.8
PREDICTION : y aunt, the had been my
pick when Mr. was in Mrs. Sugsy'

'In you were did I relation appressenters so and not mise at he is I said, and Con't.  'Oh sand recies) he mazed,' returning his prisone, me into sut un
TEMPERATURE : 0.85
PREDICTION : ts are very ready to recers that.  Where.  It have
he
had any their interury' to your afternession in they was be a
pintion; and the
purtly beards, purstance the were in the puch told anything understrant Mine 
TEMPERATURE : 0.9
PREDICTION : d, I went markive to his
bried to not him returnis mightyof provider of
your over want bus yourse beary it, and cince, or a
bland in the grocear; and in the next one the wonder in a ene anything his sinch of ch
TEMPERATURE : 0.95
PREDICTION :  or any other over to Tubtwo, and Lastered, the more his ever bunge ontenast was sair.  Mristear, and a bear
Cloambeder I have became surfair gane myse, with the
curiet, and sobutch-hinduber, and
he
surt, when 
